
Slave Commands:

balance              Float
tv_start_scan       
tv_step_channel      Integer
tv_step_norm        
tv_step_chanlist    
tv_set_channel       String
tv_last_channel     
tv_set_freq          Float
tv_step_freq         Float
tv_set_norm          String
tv_set_brightness    Integer [Integer]
tv_set_contrast      Integer [Integer]
tv_set_hue           Integer [Integer]
tv_set_saturation    Integer [Integer]
forced_subs_only     [Integer]
switch_ratio         [Float]
vo_fullscreen        [Integer]
vo_ontop             [Integer]
file_filter          Integer
vo_rootwin           [Integer]
vo_border            [Integer]
screenshot           [Integer]
panscan              Float [Integer]
switch_vsync         [Integer]
loadfile             String [Integer]
loadlist             String [Integer]
run                  String
change_rectangle     Integer Integer
dvdnav               String
get_vo_fullscreen   
get_sub_visibility  
key_down_event       Integer
set_property         String String
get_property         String
step_property        String [Float] [Integer]
seek_chapter         Integer [Integer]
set_mouse_pos        Integer Integer
vobsub_lang          [Integer]
sub_log

Player Options
Audio Options
Decoding Options
all the Options...